<body>
<div id="top"><!-- do not remove this div, it is closed by doxygen! -->
<div id="titlearea">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
 <tbody>
 <tr id="projectrow">
  <td id="projectalign">
   <div id="projectname">DA: Programming Project I
   </div>
   <div id="projectbrief">An Analysis Tool for Runway Network Management</div>
  </td>
 </tr>
 </tbody>
</table>
</div>
<!-- end header part -->
<!-- Generated by Doxygen 1.9.5 -->
<div class="contents">
<div class="textblock"><p >This is a possible solution for the first programming project of the DA (Desenho de Algoritmos) course, which belongs to the 2nd year of the Licenciatura em Engenharia Informática e Computação, taught by Faculdade de Engenharia da Universidade do Porto (FEUP) and Faculdade de Ciências da Universidade do Porto (FCUP).</p>
<p >This work was developed by João Francisco da Rocha Sequeira Alves (202006281), Pedro de Almeida Lima (202108806) and Pedro Simão Januário Vieira (202108768).</p>
<p >We modelled the provided railway network as a <a class="el" href="class_graph.html" title="A graph class for a railway network.">Graph</a> where the Stations are the Vertexes/Nodes (class <a class="el" href="class_station.html" title="A class that represents a Station, being a node of the network graph.">Station</a>) and the railway segments that connect pairs of Stations are the Edges (class <a class="el" href="class_edge.html" title="A class that represents a railway segment between two Stations, being an Edge of the network graph.">Edge</a>). For this purpose, we reused and adapted the <a class="el" href="class_graph.html" title="A graph class for a railway network.">Graph</a> implementation used in classes.</p>
<p >We developed a user interface consisting of a menu with 4 submenus, each one covering one set of tasks as described in the project handout. The UI is entirely text-based.</p>
<p >Note: Being the network in Portugal (with two Stations in Spain), the names of the places contain non-ASCII characters. However, due to problems with those characters when running the program, we developed a version of the network where all the names are written only with ASCII characters. For this reason, we recommend that the user chooses to load that ASCII-compatible version instead of the original version (when prompted to load a railway network into the system). The user inputs should also be ASCII-only. </p>
</body>
</html>
